### Hello Github user. My name is Hayk K and I was born in 1998. While growing up I have met various people from all walks of life, and I have also used numerous hardware and software. Some of the hardware I have experience in are: desktops, laptops, netbooks, consoles, smartphones, tablets, single-board computers (like Raspberry PI model 3B), routers, Operating Systems (Windows XP, 7, 8, 8.1, 10, Mac OS the older and newer versions, Puppy Linux, LXLE, IOS or Iphone 3GS and Iphone 5 were the last Iphones I ever used, Android 5.1.1_r38, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 👨‍💻 ---> I’m currently working on projects to help others and myself, with their programming journeys or computer related issues. For the programming journeys, I am creating a website that can be used as a cheat sheet while creating your very own front-end website using HTML5 and Bootstrap 5. In the future, I will be creating a program or more than one program, that will hopefully help people who are having computer related issues, like Windows OS slowing down over time, and etc.
### 📚 ---> I’m currently learning python, but I am still working on my cheat sheet website. I will get back to learning Python, after finishing three websites on my Github profile.
### 📫 ---> How to reach me: You can email my Github email in order to contact me, and I will try to respond back as soon as possible.

### ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
### MY ABOUT ME SECTION IS STILL UNFINISHED! IT WILL BE UPDATED OVER TIME, AS I CONTINUE MAKING MORE PROGRAMS/WEBSITES
### ⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️
